a mysterious camera that shows pictures
a day into the future
welcome back to popcorn time movie
digest today i will show you a science
fiction time travel film from 2014
titled time lapse spoilers alert watch
out and take care
finn is a painter with a creative block
the equivalent of a writer's block
finn lives together with his girlfriend
callie and his best friend jasper in an
apartment complex where he works as a
manager
one older tenant mr bezzeritas
informally called mr b has not paid his
rent in two months finn sends callie
over to mr.b's house to check the scene
out
kelly goes to check on him only to find
his dank apartment abandoned and
discovers a mysterious fridge-sized
camera pointed at their living room
window kelly sees a machine in the
photos it turns out the tenant has
figured out a way to shoot polaroids
that show what will happen there exactly
24 hours after the shutter clicks the
device is programmed to automatically
take one picture every night they also
find a journal in which bezaridis
worried he'd foreseen his death
the friends checked mr b's storage unit
and find his inexplicably charred corpse
he has apparently been dead for a week
based on what happened to mr b and notes
in his journal they theorized that they
have to make sure the events and the
photos whatever they may be have to
occur or their timeline will stop and
they will therefore cease to be
gambling attic jasper pushes to use the
machine to win bets as he usually loses
and the next day's photo confirms they
will do just that it also shows that
finn has finally created a new painting
copying the work in the polaroid gets
him past his block
the housemates use the device to make
their wildest dreams come true jasper
suggests that the trio use the camera to
win money gambling the first photo
produced shows the next day's racing
results as well as a new painting by
fenn believing they must enact whatever
scene each day's new picture shows them
no matter how troubling it may be the
three housemates grow increasingly at
odds even as they figure out ways to use
this magic window for monetary and
creative gain several days go by
the friends cover up mr b's
disappearance including lying to the
complex security guard big joe claiming
the old man is in the hospital after a
week they get a disturbing photo cali
kissing jasper while finn paints in the
background
wary of the fate which befell mr
besoritas they then assume they must now
enact all the events depicted in the
photo or else risk annihilation the
actual kiss goes on too long while finn
paints and he gets angry and jealous
this generates increasingly complex
logistical dilemmas and interpersonal
conflicts
the next photo shows jasper's violent
bookie ivan at the apartment not knowing
why he would be there jasper calls him
the next morning saying he won't be
making any bets that day
the call raises ivan's suspicions and he
visits jasper that night
meanwhile in cautious jasper's newfound
gambling success attracts unwanted
attention and threats from his bookie
jasper's gangster bookie ivan discovers
the camera and forces the trio to pose
for photos showing him which races and
runners to gamble upon
the property's nice guy security guard
big joe also grows suspicious of too
many suspicious activities
finn and jasper's friendship is strained
by these events as ivan will be keeping
each night's photo preventing finn from
seeing his painting even so jasper gets
a cell phone picture of the next
polaroid before giving it to ivan's goon
marcus
this photo shows a hastily made skull
and crossbones on the canvas
after seeing a photo of a skull and
crossbones painted onto one of finn's
works jasper interprets this as a
warning so he hides weapons a kitchen
knife a golf club and a hammer near the
couch
the next evening finn runs into big joe
at the gate as he has just gotten a job
as a police officer
marcus sees their meeting and calls ivan
who doesn't believe their story about
big joe just dropping off his keys
ivan threatens all of them but jasper
convinces him that tonight's new photo
is of ivan's death while ivan is
retrieving the photo jasper subsequently
manages to kill ivan's henchman marcus
then clubs ivan to death on his return
they hide the bodies in mr b's storage
unit finn and cali fight so finn sleeps
on the couch
later that night they are visited by mr
b's colleague dr heidecker who levels a
gun at finn and jasper and forces them
to reveal events
mr b had mailed heidecker a photo that
covers the next night but taken before
his death meaning that the machine could
be set to take photos more than 24 hours
in advance the photo shows blood on the
window mr b's hat on the friend's couch
jasper has taken to wearing the dead
man's hat and a picture of a green coil
that resembles the broken device on the
ground next to mr b's corpse dr
heidegger theorizes that time did not
kill mr b for trying to change the
future he knocked over a coil in his
storage unit and the released gas killed
him as she doesn't know how to adjust
the settings of the machine jasper
shoots heidecker dead using ivan's gun
the next night finn discovers a
photograph showing callie and jasper
having sex which he assumes will take
place the following night and then tries
to argue and stop the event from
happening
finn talks to jasper trying to figure
out a way to prevent events but jasper
knocks him out and locks him in mr b's
storage unit he does not believe dr
heidecker's theory and intends to
prevent a paradox making sure the photo
happens no matter what trying to find a
way out of the locked storage unit he
searches heidecker's purse and finds the
photo that includes blood on the window
mr b's hat on the couch and the painting
of the coil and realizes that he had to
have painted the coil in the future the
next day so that mr b would die in the
storage room in the first place thus
allowing him to escape using mr b's keys
he escapes and goes to the machine
he calls jasper who sees him at the
machine and threatens to destroy it if
jasper does not stop
a fight ensues which ends with cali
smashing jasper's head in
cali tells finn that she is going to get
some ice for his head when making the
painting to match heidecker's photo finn
realizes a discrepancy he discovers that
the camera also takes a photo at eight
a.m a truth which cali kept to herself
he goes to cali and sees her in the
kitchen messing with something in a
drawer
he tells her that he thought she was
going to get some ice she awkwardly says
she was and tries to make it look like
she was
she takes fin to the bedroom where he
lies down with a bag of ice to his head
afterward she hurriedly leaves the room
and closes the bedroom door behind her
he lies down for a few seconds and then
gets up
he slowly opens the bedroom door and
heads out he goes to the living room
where he sees cali in front of the
window with two pieces of paper with
some phrases written on them that cali
has taped to the window there is
suddenly a flash from the camera he asks
kelly about the camera flash
she tells finn that she can explain
callie takes the pieces of paper off the
window and reads them one of the papers
reads swap photo with charade knight and
the other reeds kill jasper to save finn
finn drops the papers on the floor and
goes to the kitchen
he opens the drawer that cali was
messing with earlier and some stuff
falls out kelly tries to get finn to go
to the living room so that they can talk
but finn tells her to tell him the truth
kelly tells him the truth
she says that when she went to mr b's to
tell him that he was behind on his rent
she knocked on his door
when he didn't answer she went inside
his apartment
inside she found the machine
she says that a photo was sticking out
of the machine
the photo was of her
the photo showed her with her finger
over her mouth telling her to be quiet
beside her are two pieces of paper on
them are written not coat rack over and
hot last week's daytime photos
she tells him that the camera also takes
a photo at 8am which she has been
concealing from them the entire time
kali reveals that she has been using the
morning photo to send herself messages
to manipulate events and rekindle her
relationship with finn
the sex photo is one of those missing
from mister these wall from a drunken
night a month ago the other missing
photos are ones of cali and jasper being
affectionate which she took down from
the wall when she first discovered the
machine
she tries to reason with finn telling
him that the photo was like her wanting
to be caught so that finn would wake up
and realize what he had
he says that he can't believe that she
would do this
he tells her that she had every
opportunity to prevent it and to warn
him he asks her why she didn't
she tells him that she was only doing
what the photos told her to do
she was getting pulled along like they
all were
she tells him that everything happened
for a reason
she grabs a photo which shows her in a
piece of paper reading kiss jasper too
long which callie says made finn jealous
for the first time in ages she tells
finn that he's been increasingly distant
but lately has become more close to her
since the discovery of the machine
she shows him another photo
this one has her in another piece of
paper which reads go within the car
she tells him that she got to feel his
kiss again as a result of her message
a third photo has the message pose for
finn
this was so that finn could paint her
and that he would realize what he had
a fourth photo has the message by
modeling book
cali says that slowly they were coming
back together as a couple
the fifth photo says don't forgive finn
kelly tells finn that after everything
that was happening he was still picking
the machine and his work over her
she says that she had to do something
that was going to bring him back to his
senses which led to the current photo
she tells finn that she saw him fight
for her more than she has ever seen him
fight for anything
she says that in the end everything
worked out
finn seemingly agrees with her but ends
up rejecting callie kelly asks him what
he's going to do
he says that he's going to destroy the
machine
kelly tries to talk him out of it even
saying that she can leave a note for the
night photo warning her to hide the
photos so that finn does not catch her
in the morning
finn looks at her disapprovingly and
begins to head over to the machine to
destroy it as a result callie picks up
the gun and points it at finn
she tells him that if he does she will
shoot him
as he does callie shoots him
this in turn creates the blood splatter
on the window from heidecker's photo
when callie is attempting to send
herself another message telling her not
to get caught at the window by finn big
joe walks by he sees callie at the
window with a piece of paper tape to the
window he tells her to go to the door
she opens the door and asks him what
he's doing there
he tells her that finn left him a
message telling him that callie and finn
were leaving town and that he might be
interested in what jasper was up to he
asks her about the blood stain on the
window he asks her if he can come in
she looks over at the note on the window
and says sure it doesn't matter tonight
none of this will matter
she opens the door and lets him come in
to his shock he discovers the murdered
jasper and finn
she says i guess you have some questions
for me the final shot shows callie being
led away by big joe and the note don't
get caught at windows still taped on the
window the note falls off the window as
a result kelly runs back to tape it back
to the window with big joe running
behind her a few seconds later big joe
comes back into the frame dragging
callie away the camera takes a picture
of the window hinting that without the
note tape to the window everything will
happen as it has
make sure to subscribe and turn on
notifications so you can watch more
videos like this
thanks for watching